hey guys so if you didn't know I have a
major domo obsession and I wanted to
show you guys my dummbell collection
because i have a bunch of stuff and if
you're wondering this picture right here
is actually my domos but i did a photo
shoot of um my new demo there was oh my
god just fly in the house anyways so I
did a photo shoot of my domos and one
was him like printing off or like
copying is but you know that will prank
joke and it was coming out the thing so
yeah and we just thought it was funny so
we put it up there anyway so as you can
tell i have a domo shirt it's actually a
men's shirt they don't have it as a girl
so i had to get a small i think it's a
small but yeah if it's pretty good it's
a little baggy but i like my shirt
tighter anyways ok so i have three dumb
ones and I keep looking at myself a
freaking camera is on the side oh sorry
I had three demos I'll show you an order
of how I got them or whatever Oh anyways
so this is my first one ever I got it at
hot topic and just pretty much it i was
kind of looking for the ones that didn't
have the nerd style with the UM the bow
tie and the glasses but I mean who cares
it's don't know and plus if I want to I
can just you know sorry I keep looking
at myself but I can just like cut off
the stuff anyways yeah so this was my
first one
and then my second one was the
Valentine's edition as you know because
i made a video on it me getting it but
yeah this is my second one and it's
taller than the other one so i don't
know i don't understand why the one's
taller yeah and then the last one that I
just got was the giant domo and his arms
are wired so we can like you know sku a
bunch of stuff it's awesome this is the
guy that I used in my photo shoot
because his arms are wired and I can do
a bunch of stuff yeah I love him this is
my last one that I just got like last
week and these are 12 99 these are 1699
if you wanted to know you probably don't
care but yeah and then I got this hat
says Domo I've never worn this by the
way as you can tell I look terrible in
hats I guess I'd give you I don't like
what I look like in hats but yeah I just
looks like it is
I think this is ten bucks it was on sale
at journey I had journeys and then
lastly I have some pins this one this
one and this one that looks like a nerd
and I'm supposed to have another one of
these I'm supposed to get for my
birthday from a friend but my sister's
boyfriend has given it to me yet anyways
and i also have these to match my domo
it's we can match and look like twins
isn't that awesome or my favorite these
i love these as you know I've we're in
my videos but yeah but anyways that is
my domo collection and i hope to get
more stuff or more demos to make a huge
family gigantic family of my little guys
oh these are my babies i love them
no one can have them to serve mine um
but yeah those are my demos and yeah
then we came back early and cheese you
can see that mac and cheese um and now I
want to see your domos I want to know if
you guys have demos and if you do um you
can make a video response because I'd
love to see them how many you have and
it doesn't matter if you have one or if
you have to i want to see them i think
they're so cute and i don't know it was
just an obsession of mine and or if you
don't have an account here on youtube
you can twitpic them to me on twitter or
send me the link of a picture that you
have on formspring or something like
that over our however like message me or
something I don't know however just I
want to see your demos and all those
links will be down below like always and
I think that's pretty much it yeah I got
my hair cut you can't tell it's not
nasty and frizzy anymore and disgusting
and it's not off to the side all the
time it's actually really nice but yeah
so yeah this is getting way too long so
I want to see your guys Jomo's and I
hope to see them um rate comment and
subscribe and I hope you guys have an
amazing day and i'll talk to you guys
soon bye guys